Let's put some mountains out on our horizon line.
So first before we do that let's merge our two cloud layers the way you do that is that you'll click
on both layers using control and then you'll right click on them and you'll come to merge layers and
select that and that will merge two layers together so now they're one layer.
Let's add a new layer and call it mountains.
Now let's bring our values layer to the very top.
And let's put it on multiply so we can see our color and are drawn at the same time.
So what we're going to do is we're going to trace our mountain line.
So grab our Lasso tool make sure on the polygon a Lasso tool and we're going to trace the same basic
shape that we have here
.
Now on our mountains layer let's fill that in.
We're going to use this blue right here but we're going to Dargan it just a titch bit.
It's come down a little bit.
And then we'll go ahead and fill that in
select out of that.
Now let's bring our value layer back down and there's our mountains.
Now these mountains are really far away so they'll probably be a little bit out of focus so we're going
to add a bore effect to them.
So let's select our mountain layer and then we'll come up to filter's lawyer and then box blur.
Now we can select how blurry we want our mountains to look.
So right now we have it at two.
Let's try five.
It's a little bit too blurry.
Let's try four.
All right.
Let's go with three.
That looks good and creating our mountains is as simple as that.